you're invited to meet the newest member
of the little family attention everybody
this is Stewart well everyone are you
all not enough now they introduced him
into their world well it's just about
everybody except for Belle drop in right
now sitting right out I do not eat
family members they welcomed him into
their lives that's crazy
he's not picking up the past cat and
they need you oh how the big family a
mouse with a pet cat I am NOT your pet
from you tell me I feel like to rub it
on the inside yeah but sometimes finding
a home okay mom
then feeling at home is missing thank
you an empty space inside me I just want
to know what was there before down here
well look of a suit where is buried you
would can't leave with you he's one of
the family there's something you'll
never be able to give because you're
human
no offense Columbia Pictures presents
a story for anyone who's ever had
trouble fitting in not really sharing
wanna bother how about a friend I guess
I call it Frank
finding their way stow it little get
scratched tonight
you must be food no but but I'll get it
all from the co-director of the Lion
King talking small packages that is my
life I can't image at all I think I'm
gonna cough up a fur ball steward little
I know that you and I got off on the
wrong paw what do you think wanna be
friends talk to the butt
[Music]